Introducing IdpLinkAction as AIA to replace client-initiated account … (#38952)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_development/topics/identity-brokering/account-linking.adoc

* The user account must already be logged in as an existing user via the OIDC protocol
* The user must have an `account.manage-account` or `account.manage-account-links` role mapping.
* The application must be granted the scope for those roles within its access token

> The protocol is realized by the link:{adminguide_link}#con-aia_server_administration_guide[Application-initiated action (AIA)]. If you want the user, which is authenticated in your client application, to link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The protocol is realized by the link:{adminguide_link}#con-aia_server_administration_guide[Application-initiated action (AIA)]. If you want the user, who is authenticated in your client application, to link
```

> to the identity provider, it is needed to attach the parameter `kc_action` with the value `idp_link:<identity-provider-alias>` to the OIDC authentication URL and redirect user to this URL. So for example
> to request linking to the identity provider with the alias `my-oidc-provider`, it is needed to attach the parameter like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the identity provider, attach the parameter `kc_action` with the value `idp_link:<identity-provider-alias>` to the OIDC authentication URL and redirect the user to this URL. For example, 
to request linking to the identity provider with the alias `my-oidc-provider`, attach the parameter like:
```

[source,subs="attributes+"]
----
kc_action=idp_link:my-oidc-provider
----

==== Refreshing external tokens

If you are using the external token generated by logging into the provider (i.e. a Facebook or GitHub token), you can refresh this token by re-initiating the account linking API.

==== Legacy client initiated account linking

> WARNING: The legacy client initiated account linking is using custom protocol, which is not based on AIA. If you are using this protocol, it is recommended to migrate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: The legacy client initiated account linking is using a custom protocol that is not based on AIA. If you are use this protocol, consider migrating
```

> your client application to the AIA based protocol described above as legacy client initiated account linking might be removed in the future {project_name} versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your client application to the AIA based protocol described above because legacy client initiated account linking might be removed in the future {project_name} versions.
```
